We can certainly improve the styling of this app and
for this, let's go into the main.dart file and work on the general theme there.
Now I don't want to set up an overlay complex theme to be honest,
we did a lot of theming in earlier modules,
I just want to use a different primary swatch and also add user accent color.
My primary color will be purple here and my accent color will be deep orange but again, you can of course
use any styling you want.
What I also want to do and what we did before too of course is add a custom font. So for that, as before,
let's add a new folder, I'll name it assets and in there, I want to have a fonts folder and attached, you find a
zip file with fonts you can drag and drop into there. Three fonts or two fonts but three different styles,
Lato and Anton and as before, we have to register those in the pubspec.yaml file to use them.
So in the pubspec.yaml file, go to the part where you see some dummy font set up, comment that
in and then define these fonts. We have Lato for example and we find it in the assets folder and there in
the fonts folder and there, we have Lato-Regular and Lato-Bold, so let's add both here fonts, Lato-Bold.
These are the paths and the file names and this is not style italic
but instead, it has a weight of 700 and let's add another font family now below that
and that's the Anton font where we only have one version, the name of the file there is Anton-Regular,
so let's use that here,
Anton-Regular and we don't need to define a weight there.
So these are the fonts I want to add and I want to use Lato as the main font in the application,
so in the main.dart file when we define the theme, we can set up the font family and set it to Lato to
use this font.
And with that, since we added fonts, let's actually quit this application and do a full rebuild and restart
so that these fonts are included now and once this finished,
we should have different colors and we also should have a different font in there and indeed,
we do have that.
Now I want to change the icon colors here as well, so on the product icon here on both
IconButtons
we can set the color and here I want to use theme of and then of context of course and use my accent color
here which is this deep orange and I'll add this to the other icon button here as well, like that.
So now with that, we have orange buttons here and maybe we can now use a slightly darker black here, less
transparent black, black38 maybe, less transparent, so black87 maybe,
yes I think that looks better.
So now we have these icons here which we can press and which allows us to add items to the cart or to mark
this as a favorite, which of course doesn't work right now
and with that, our grid tiles are taking shape.
I now also want to have rounded corners and the GridTile itself has no argument that would allow us
to set rounded corners.
However, we already covered earlier in the course what we can do in such cases, do you remember? We can
wrap the widget where we want to add rounded corners with a new widget and the new widget is
ClipRRect which simply forces the child widget it wraps into a certain shape and therefore on ClipRRect,
we can now define the border radius because there is a widget, ClipRRect is a widget that helps us
with clipping a rectangle to add rounded corners because the R here stands for, it stands for
clip rounded rectangles and therefore, this is the shape it forms or it forces on every child widget.
And therefore here we can set up the border radius and
we do this by setting this to BorderRadius.circular,
maybe a value of 10 then.
Now we have some rounded corners here which doesn't look too bad in my opinion.
Of course, if you wanted to, you could also wrap the image here in our GridTile here into a container with
a border or a background color or a drop shadow if you wanted to change these items even more regarding
their styling.
I'm happy with that
look here however,
so I'll leave it as it is,
don't want to spend too much time on this and instead, let's now get closer to that state management
thing because the next steps will be to make this favoriting feature work
and of course, I also want to add a detail page and then a cart where we can add items to
and that will require us to rethink the state management.
So let's work towards these features.